cloud: backup-and-restore-premium.md (#23425)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/premium/backup-and-restore-premium.md

| Mode | Automatic backups | Retention and restore options | Pricing method |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Standard Bundle Mode** | PITR, hourly backup snapshots, and daily backup snapshots | PITR: 7 days; hourly snapshots: 7 days; daily snapshots: 33 days. Daily snapshots are created at 00:00 UTC. | Based on data incremental volume. |
| **Custom Retention Mode** | PITR and daily backup snapshots | Set the retention period from 3 to 33 days. PITR and daily snapshots use the configured retention period. | Based on snapshot size multiplied by retention duration. Each backup is billed as a separate object. |

PITR lets you restore to any specific point in time within its retention period. A snapshot restore lets you restore from a specific hourly or daily snapshot that is still within its retention period.

### Configure automatic backups

1. On the [**My TiDB**](https://tidbcloud.com/tidbs) page, click the name of your target {{{ .premium }}}<CustomContent plan="byoc"> or {{{ .byoc }}}</CustomContent> instance.

2. In the left navigation pane, click **Data** > **Backup**.

> 3. Click **Backup Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the upper-right corner, click **...**, and then click **Backup Settings**.
```

4. Select an automatic backup mode:

    - **Standard Bundle Mode** uses the predefined PITR, hourly snapshot, and daily snapshot settings.
    - **Custom Retention Mode** lets you configure the automatic backup retention period and daily backup time.

> 5. If you select **Custom Retention Mode**, configure the following settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you select **Custom Retention Mode**, configure the following settings. Otherwise, skip this step.
```

    - **Backup Retention**: select a value from 3 to 33 days. The default value is 7 days.
    - **Daily Backup Time**: select the time of day for the daily snapshot. The time zone is displayed next to the setting.

6. Review the **Overview** section, and then click **Save**.

>     The overview shows the features enabled by the selected mode, their retention periods, and the available restore options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The overview shows the features enabled by your selected backup mode, the corresponding retention periods, and the available restore options.
```

> **Note:**
>
> - The backup retention period applies to new automatic backups. Existing backups are retained according to the current backup policy and are removed when they exceed the applicable retention period.
> - Custom Retention Mode pricing is based on snapshot size and retention duration. PITR is temporarily free during the public preview period. See [TiDB Cloud pricing](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/pricing/) for more information.
> - If you switch modes or reduce the retention period, TiDB Cloud may permanently delete existing automatic backups that are older than the new retention period. This action cannot be undone.

### Switch automatic backup modes

To switch modes, open **Backup Settings**, select the new mode, review the retention settings, and click **Save**. The new mode applies to new automatic backups and determines the current backup pricing.

> When switching to **Custom Retention Mode**, you must configure a retention period. When switching to **Standard Bundle Mode**, the retention settings return to the standard bundle defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To switch between **Standard Bundle Mode** and **Custom Retention Mode**, take the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Backup**](#view-the-backup-page) page of your instance.
2. In the upper-right corner, click **...**, and then click **Backup Settings**.
3. In the displayed dialog, select a new mode.

    - If you switch to **Custom Retention Mode**, you need to configure the backup retention and daily backup time. 
    - If you switch to **Standard Bundle Mode**, the retention settings return to the standard bundle defaults.

4. Review the retention settings in the **Overview** section, and then click **Save**. 

The new mode applies to new automatic backups and determines the current backup pricing.
```

>
> - Custom Retention Mode pricing is based on snapshot size and retention duration. PITR is temporarily free during the public preview period. See [TiDB Cloud pricing](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-premium-pricing-details) for more information.
> - If you [switch backup modes](#switch-automatic-backup-modes) or reduce the retention period, TiDB Cloud might permanently delete existing automatic backups that are older than the new retention period. This action cannot be undone.

</CustomContent>

### Switch automatic backup modes

To switch between **Standard Bundle Mode** and **Custom Retention Mode**, take the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Backup**](#view-the-backup-page) page of your instance.
2. In the upper-right corner, click **...**, and then click **Backup Settings**.
3. In the displayed dialog, select a new mode.

    - If you switch to **Custom Retention Mode**, you need to configure the backup retention period and daily backup time.
    - If you switch to **Standard Bundle Mode**, the retention periods and daily backup time return to the standard bundle defaults.

4. Review the retention settings in the **Overview** section, and then click **Save**.

> The new mode applies to new automatic backups and determines the current backup pricing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<CustomContent plan="premium">

After you save the changes, future automatic backups are billed according to the pricing model of the selected mode.

</CustomContent>
```
